# Ternio Dashboard
## Installation Instructions
To install, you must first install Docker and have the Docker daemon running. You will also need to make sure Docker Compose
is installed.

#### Installing It Locally

1. Copy the `.env.example` file to `.env`. You can leave the defaults as they are if you want.
2. Open up a terminal, navigate to the folder you cloned the app in then run `docker-compose up`.
3. Open up a new tab on the terminal and after the process complete, navigate to http://localhost:8080.

### Installing It On Linux Server

1. Copy the `.env.example` file to `.env`. You can leave the defaults as they are if you want.
2. Run the setup file `install_ubuntu.sh`. This will install docker and docker-compose and start
up the app. You can then use `CTRL-Z` to run it in background mode. Once you see "Starting PHP and Nginx"
you know it's done.

##### Updating The Database

1. Run `docker-compose ps` get get a list of all the running docker containers. (Run this at the root of the directory you cloned into.)
2. Look for the one that's XXXX_www_1 and copy that name.
3. Then do `docker exec XXXX_www_1 php artisan migrate`.

## Updating Frontend Assets (JS/CSS)

This project is using Laravel's Mix API, which is a set of tools written in NodeJS to assist in frontend asset compilation.

In order for the JS/SASS files to be compiled into the compiled JS files that are used on the site, you must run `npm run dev`. Make
sure you have NodeJS v.8.4.9 or higher. The docker-compose script installs all the NPM packages but if you have problems, try running
`npm install` first. Also, if you get an error about node-sass needing to be rebuilt, you may need to run the npm commands within the docker container.  
The only assets you should modify are located in `resources/assets`. The JS and CSS files that reside in the `public` 
directory are generated by Laravel Mix and should not be modified manually or included in version control.